Present your main finding/s. Make sure to include links to the appropriate notebooks. Give a narrative story about the data.

# Main findings and Why the data looks the way it does

During the initial exploration using linear regression it seemed reasonable to me that the trend was not going to be linear. Thinking in terms of the spending habits of myself and the people around me, peoples spending does not increase in a linear fashion so I expected the [poor results](linear_regression.ipynb) that I got.

Moving away from linear regression it was time to try another form of prediction, Decision Trees. Here I had to change my question a 2nd time since I was trying to predict exact numerical values which is not categorical which is required for a Descision Tree classifier. I decided to try and predict the week in a given year in which a transaction was purchased. This gave me 52 categories to work with. When running the selected features, they can be found [here](classification.ipynb) along with model metrics, through the Decision Tree I ended up with a fairly good score compared to the the linear model before. To me this made sense. Here is my reasoning behind that, when thinking of someones yearly spending amounts it makes sense that different week/months would be more expensive than others. For example the weeks leading up to Christmas or other big holidays are inheritantly going to be more expensive for most. 

This data in my mind would not have clusters of high spending amounts but rather spikes or slight increases and then fall offs based on what I had encountered in the previous models and exploration. When trying out SVMs that feeling held true as they performed relatively the same as the linear model. A similar thing happened with clustering models like Kmeans, but I was able to move into a new a different question realm here. When graphing the relationship between the week of the year and total daily transactions amounts I could see that we could potentially divide those results into spending categories which led me to my final question "Can I predict someones spending category". This prediction is done using a few peices of information including the day the transaction was made, how much they spend on average, and the quantity of items bought. This yeilded a interesting categorization and something that I felt I could potentially improve on. Visual can be found here in [graphing the findings](classification.ipynb). My final push was to use a neural net  with this same information. When trying to predict the categorization it ended up yeild really high results compared to other models! With ~80% accuracy on both the train and test set I felt pretty good, but I quickly realized that something didn't seem right. I had a suspicion that around 80% of the data could be in one category which could lead to a model thats no better than a model who always predicted one thing. 

I believe there are discoverable trends to be found here, and I think that I am on the right track. Refining my neural net or potentially going back to my data and performing transforms on it for linear regression would be my next steps.